fix: rephrase the Postgres PGDATA documentation and add a warning (#2340)
docker-library/docs: postgres/README.md

### `PGDATA`

> > :warning: when mounting a volume to `/var/lib/posgresql`, the `/var/lib/postgresql/data` path is a local volume from the container runtime, thus data is not persistet on the mounted volume.

Reviewer: Unfortunately, I don't think Docker Hub supports GitHub's emoji, so this will need to be an embedded literal emoji: (also a minor typo)

```suggestion
> ⚠ when mounting a volume to `/var/lib/posgresql`, the `/var/lib/postgresql/data` path is a local volume from the container runtime, thus data is not persisted on the mounted volume.
```

Additionally, `README.md` is generated (per the comment at the top of the file :sweat_smile:), so this change will need to be applied in `content.md` instead.

(I'm happy to assist from here if you'd prefer.)

Author: This is fixed now @tianon! Didn't. see the `contents.md` file 👍
